ActionList now supports ReactNode in noResults (#1272)
looker-open-source/components: www/src/documentation/components/content/action-list.mdx

Additionally, you can render a "No Results" message using the `noResults` prop. When `noResults` is "true", the `<ActionListManager>` will display a "No Results" message in place of its children.

> To customize the "No Results" message text, use the `noResultsDisplay` prop. Strings will be formatted as shown below, use JSX for custom formattng if you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the "No Results" message text, use the `noResultsDisplay` prop. Strings will be formatted as shown below. Alternatively, use JSX for custom formatting if you prefer.
```

```jsx
;() => {
  const [isLoading, setIsLoading] = useState(true)
  setTimeout(() => setIsLoading(false), 5000)

  // Change noResults to "true" to render the noResultsDisplay
  return (
    <ActionListManager
      isLoading={isLoading}
      noResults={false}

>       noResultsDisplay={'No Cheese Here :('}

Reviewer: Thought this was an unclosed parenthesis. But just a frowny face haha. Nice.
